My mother was baptized in the convention in New York City in 1958.
When my dad was a contractor, he was a carpenter.
He would bring home cut off pieces of wood and different things
and we didn't have a lot of money, so I made toys and different things
out of the little pieces of wood and always had an interest in that type of thing.
King comes, it's a bamboo, it's stripped pieces of material
and it has to be woven and out of the holes on a chair
and then you weave it in and out and under it has different pattern.
Like the ones are one way, the twos go this way, the threes go in a diagonal
and the fours go this way and then as you weave the other pattern
you have to go under a piece and over a piece so it takes feel.
So misconceptions about the blind is that they're limited when it comes to mental capacity.
Sometimes people make assumptions that they think we feel this way or they think that
and so you see the handicap and sometimes that prevents individuals from really seeing who the person is.
That's a one occasion.
It's very difficult having someone read to you and then retain.
It's a little bit different when you read with your fingers, you feel,
it goes through your mind and then you can think it to get more senses involved.
Just as a sighted person would read with their eyes,
listen with their ears, it kind of gives you a little more impetus
and that's the beauty of being able to read it yourself.
One of the most depressed things of course is being able to help individuals
with God's word, the Bible.
At the congregation right now I'm conducting the Watchtower study
and the reader actually calls on individuals for me.
The Bible on the outside of the cover, it has the name of the books that are in
and I reach my hand there to feel what it is and then I can pull it off of the shelf.
So it's a total of 18 volumes and after using it I kind of know where it is on the shelf.
I can get close to reach.
The provision is wonderful and it's something I cherish deeply without it.
I would feel lost.
Daily Bible reading helps me to nourish my heart so that I can be motivated myself
and then be encouraging to others to help them in their service or in their course of life.